procedures: update admin docs for storage classes, storage strategies and storage size (#2536)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/administration-guide/pages/installing-che-using-storage-classes.adoc

  devEnvironments:
    storage:
      pvc:

>         # the required storage class field to modify depends on whether the per-user or per-workspace PVC strategy is being used
>         pvcStrategy: 'per-user'
>         perUserStrategyPvcConfig:
>           # keep blank unless you need to use a non default storage class for workspace PVC(s)
>           storageClass: 'workspace-storage'
>         perWorkspaceStrategyPvcConfig:
>           # keep blank unless you need to use a non default storage class for workspace PVC(s)
>           storageClass: 'workspace-storage'        

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        pvcStrategy: 'per-user' <1>
        perUserStrategyPvcConfig: <2>
          storageClass: 'workspace-storage'
        perWorkspaceStrategyPvcConfig: <3>
          storageClass: 'workspace-storage'        
----
<1> Select the storage strategy: `per-user` or * `per-workspace` or `ephemeral`.
<2> Specify a storage class on the next line or omit the next line to set the default storage class. The specified storage class is only used when you select this storage strategy.
<3> Specify a storage class on the next line or omit the next line to set the default storage class. The specified storage class is only used when you select this storage strategy.
```

Also, I have a question: what are other values, besides 'workspace-storage', that an admin can enter for `storageClass:`? Please try to list those like what I did for `<1>` of the suggestion.

Author: I still haven't updated the page on storage classes (going to take a break for today) but I wanted to try and answer this question already.

The `storageClass` field can be set to the name of a [Kubernetes storage class](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/storage-classes/) that exists on the cluster where Che is installed. IIRC, storage class names follow the [following naming convention](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/names/#dns-label-names), though this detail is probably outside the scope of Che docs. 

I can figure out how to explain this detail in the callout the next time I work on this PR.

  devEnvironments:
    storage:
      pvc:
        # the required storage class field to modify depends on whether the per-user or per-workspace PVC strategy is being used
        pvcStrategy: 'per-user'
        perUserStrategyPvcConfig:
          # keep blank unless you need to use a non default storage class for workspace PVC(s)
          storageClass: 'workspace-storage'
        perWorkspaceStrategyPvcConfig:
          # keep blank unless you need to use a non default storage class for workspace PVC(s)
          storageClass: 'workspace-storage'        
----

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
